# ETL Final Project 
Group 4 - Final Project 

This project aims to develop an efficient ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) pipeline tailored for healthcare data, leveraging Python and the FHIR API. The pipeline will automate the processes of data extraction, transformation, and loading to support advanced analytics and deliver actionable healthcare insights. 

## Project Overview

Our ETL pipeline is designed to efficiently process healthcare data, ensuring data accuracy and supporting advanced analysis. It follows these key steps:

*Extract*: Retrieve healthcare data using FHIR APIs.

*Transform*: Clean and organize the data to meet analysis requirements.

*Load*: Save the processed data in a structured format for easy access and use.

## Visit the Project Website

To access the project website, click the link below: 
[ETL Final Project Website] https://pages.github.iu.edu/shurmad/group4_health_info_standards/

## Repository Structure

- index.html - The homepage of the project website, serving as the main landing page.
- bpmn.html - Page displaying the Business Process Model and Notation (BPMN) diagram.
- etl_doc.html - Comprehensive documentation of the ETL process.
- insights.html - Insights and key learnings derived from the project.
- team_contributions.html - Contributions from each team member.
- about.html - Information about the project team and their roles.
- css/ - Directory containing CSS stylesheets for the website's design and layout.
- images/ - Directory containing images used on the website.

## How to Run the Project Locally
Clone the Repository: https://github.iu.edu/shurmad/group4_health_info_standards/tree/master

git clone
*Navigate to the Project Directory:*

Update Your Access Token: Find the configuration file where the access token is stored. Open this file using your preferred text editor and substitute the placeholder with your actual access token. Save the file after making the changes.

*Run the Refresh Token Script:*

python refresh_token.py

*Enter the Patient Name for Task 1:*
Before executing Task 1, enter the patient name in the script. Open the Task 1 script in your text editor and modify the variable that holds the patient name. Save the file after updating.

*Run Task 1:*
python task1.py
Run the Remaining Tasks: Execute the scripts for the subsequent tasks. For example, to run Task 2, use the following command:
python task2.py
Repeat this step for all remaining tasks (Task 3, Task 4, Task 5).

Results verification: After completing all tasks, review the output files generated by each task to ensure the results are accurate and meet expectations.

